yo first off you just skip it over and
we I'm just because she knows stuff is
the best and you should always ride it
even if you are gay yes that's pretty
swaggy very nice
she's custom like Cruiser which like
Tirana so my feet Oh later I'll just
skip clip here me don't know I'm here oh
my queer next I get come okay yeah oh my
gosh you skate warehouse hardware to
yellow front so we wear my nose
I'm wearing my tail is pretty nice
hardware I am mixed one of them I lasted
I dropped it and it went in my parents
mouth and she ate it but yeah then we
got some Blue Ridge retro the best shark
ever pretty swaggy name Ridge then we
got some shaft bushings Oh
sighs then we get some rich rockin the
ridge under kind of setting spin up very
well but their crews are wheels up if
you roll it is good
oh yeah but you can wash out the price
is your bit heavier than my last one
what I can